the insane depression started with uh
luna messaging me and telling me i could
see my son and then ignoring me
to abuse me punish me i don't know at
the end what the point was
and uh
then
this sunday uh catherine also left
yeah of course
i was in a weak situation and you used
it but that's my point
that's what i want to point out that
you're
a predator so to speak
but i think in nature
everyone's a predator yeah i'm not
saying that it's wrong so to speak just
well you were in the wrong by being weak
in nature
yeah yeah i know i agree that's not what
you're doing and you were weak on
youtube where everybody could see you
being weak i mean i don't think i was
weak on youtube
i would agree in the emails maybe i
said stuff that i wouldn't say videos
so you understood that i'm in a weak
position
at the time
but
my point is that
you
yeah you're so damn weak and you used
used me yeah you felt well you fell into
my trap yeah that's yeah that's life
and uh she had promised
that we would have children and
actually
she said that i would be
like
oh my god man like she said that
she would never leave me and everything
once the day
when we met
now that you
in case anybody
ever says that you were a sweet girl or
something
what would you say to that
that they're done
right
but they fall for you yeah
so you've been manipulating music people
for ages
or for like years
well yeah for a long time
[Music]
it's just something i do
it's just like automatic
it's like safe for me
i guess
and then she just left
it's it's unbearable to deal with like
i've never felt this kind of pain in my
life
like there's literally nothing i can do
i can do anymore
a lot of the stuff is confusing and what
who knows what's going on in her head
really
but uh
at least
a video of it doesn't help me really the
purpose is kind of lost but
still it's more so now to kind of maybe
understand what was up with her more
than anything
i just really don't know what to do
i've
i've nothing left
i have nothing left if nothing left in
life like nothing at all it's not going
to help me i'm just going to obsess over
it and think
why
why did i
give you all of my love and everything
why did i try to heal you and why
are you so cold it's like incredibly
cold the coldest human i've ever met and
i i cried yesterday and today and i cry
once every few years and um
i've never cried in my life two days in
a row like i just don't do it a lot and
i
i just literally have nothing it's just
it's just everything is black there's
nothing anymore
no just
just tell me a little bit of what you
told me
we've been talking for ages now
i
you basically admitted that you're
sociopath that you manipulate news
people
that
you were jealous of a demon
and you wanted to be her that's why you
met me
and
that's why you tried to manipulate me to
like you you were actually just using me
is also true
well can i add something
yeah um
so that was your fault i mean that's it
i i don't know what to do anymore and
luna messages me again three days ago
saying i can see my son
and i came to the netherlands to see him
and she ignored me ever since for three
four days
it's just like
it's all
i don't i don't know how anybody can do
that
she
later told me a lot of stuff and one of
the things she said was that she wanted
to be with me because i stood against
everything that her
family stood for for all of my beliefs
just went completely against them so it
was a way
for her to
rebel against the family to use me
and
this is why she wanted me to go to
canada
to have a fight with them basically and
tell them
what i think and to especially go
against the dad because she was
super angry at him to me you know one
week after we met each other and a
subscriber of mine was there who knows
this also
in new york she said that she's a
sociopath who like doesn't feel anything
and can give any love basically
at the time i didn't care because for me
there was nothing left in life because i
lost my son and
there was just nothing so i really
didn't care i wanted to make it work
with her and i i loved
to take care of her and
i
i was attracted by the damage i i
like i loved everything about her i i've
never loved anybody so much in my life
and she got really really
mad
when he went
plan based
and stopped being a man
whatever whatever was going on there
i've been for many breakups you know i'm
in my 30s but uh
i've never had it this bad
i i i don't eat i sleep three four hours
a day i'm on stress hormones non-stop
it only gets worse like nothing is
getting better one week after we met she
called herself a sociopath
and
the reason i put sociopath in the title
of the video is also because that's
literally
how she called herself and
i wanted to
to be with her because i was at a point
in my life where
i felt like i have nothing really to
lose which
really looking back was a mistake but
that's literally how i felt it's just
something i wanted to do um
i just felt like it is right and uh
it felt right because it was very
manipulative and she was lying a lot and
telling me all these things that she
once have a family which she knew i
wanted which was the manipulation and
all of this
stuff that i wanted but i also believe
that she partly
wanted it herself uh the thing with that
is that uh
only now at the end of september she
found out that at least one of her
ovaries
has a cyst
so that means that it doesn't produce
the hormones as it should which is why
her period was irregular which is why
she's uh
infertile and
can get pregnant that may be temporary
or not
whatever but
that was a thing and she was also
getting mad that she can't get pregnant
blah blah blah
all i did was just give her love
non-stop and treat her
just the best way i could treat anybody
just i i gave all of my love to her
everything and
it's like everything
uh was taken away
i mean i have nothing
i have youtube which is which was a
hobby which is
yeah i have people watching people are
gonna watch this video but i have no
physical contact with anybody i have
nothing
i also wrote down a little note at the
very end
that uh
she's super obsessed with youtube and
instagram and just social media like
really obsessed
and also herself she i've never seen any
human on earth ever
take that many pictures of herself like
it was it was really
insane it's insane how many pictures she
has of herself and
yeah it's it's it's really crazy yeah so
she was very obsessed with this whole
thing and
you know i was somebody who she was
watching so she
wanted to kind of be
might
have part in this kind of
youtube life you know i don't know what
essentially love is for a man what what
it was but it was so many things
yeah i have i have absolutely no problem
in admitting that i
you know i [ __ ] myself with this uh
but
yeah what can you do
i did get
more than enough money
for the lawyers and everything
i had gotten over a thousand euros
on paypal
and it wasn't enough obviously and i was
kind of giving up and then somebody i
don't know who this is uh
uh thank you so much it was the biggest
donation i've ever gotten somebody
donated over 6 000 euros in bitcoin that
was of course incredible which gave me a
lot of hope so what i'm going to do now
is
[Music]
start working with the lawyers